Taken from https://www.vulnhub.com/entry/usv-2016-v101,175/ 

About Release:
    Name: USV: 2016 (v1.0.1)
    Date release: 9 Dec 2016
    Author: Suceava University
    Series: USV
    Web page: http://ctf.usv.ro/

Description:
Difficulty: Beginner/Intermediate

Instructions: The CTF is a virtual machine and has been tested in Virtual Box. It has all required drivers if you want it to run on VMware or KVM (virtio). The network interface of the virtual machine will take it`s IP settings from DHCP.

Flags: There are 7 flags that should be discovered in form of: Country_name Flag: [md5 hash]. In CTF platform of the CTF-USV competition there was a hint available for each flag, but accessing it would imply a penalty. If you need any of those hints to solve the challenge, send me a message on Twitter @gusu_oana and I will be glad to help.

About: CTF-USV 2016 was the first International Students Contest in Information Security organized in Romania by Suceava University. Security challenges creation, evaluation of results and building of CTF environment was provided by Safetech Tech Team: Oana Stoian (@gusu_oana), Teodor Lupan (@theologu) and Ionut Georgescu (@ionutge1)

SHA1: f401e4e9084f937a674356dd4fa2144e10b8471a
If you are having issues with networking in VMware, switch to virtualbox. **As long as it says "Success" on the login screen, networking should be okay. Any other errors can be ignored** ## Change log v1.0 - 09/12/2016 v1.0.1 - 02/01/2017
 
Vagrant box made by RedHatAugust
